[Music]
so do you see problems from a different
perspective then try this flesh round of
fun riddles you'll have only five
seconds to answer each one if you get
more than half of them right then you
really are an out-of-the-box thinker
number one how can you make odd number
seven
even without subtraction addition
multiplication or division just drop the
letter S at the beginning yeah number
two
a man has pushing his car along the road
and finally reaches a hotel he shouts
I'm bankrupt what's happening he's
playing Monopoly number three how many
bricks does it take to complete a
building just one it'll be the last one
number four I'm tomorrow's yesterday and
yesterday's tomorrow what am I
I'm today number five if you drop it
from the tallest building it'll be fine
but if you drop it in the water it won't
survive what is it paper
number six two people were born at the
same moment but they don't have the same
birthdays how is this possible they were
born in different time zones in one of
these zones it was already the next day
number seven a horse is on a long rope
the animal wants to get to an apple tree
but the distance to the tree is longer
than the ropes length and still the
horse manages to get there how is it
possible
the other end of the rope isn't attached
to anything
number eight drop me and I'll break but
give me a smile and I'll smile back what
am i a mirror number nine no one has
ever drawn or gone along this way what
way is it the Milky Way number ten a man
wanted to buy a used car he found a nice
one that cost $9,000
he bought it but didn't pay a dime for
it how did he manage it when paying nine
thousand dollars even you don't need to
spend dimes number eleven forward it's
heavy
backward it's not what is it
a time 12 there's a place in the world
where the wind is blowing south and then
suddenly north what place is it the
South Pole the wind is blowing south
until it reaches the pool after passing
this point it's already heading north 13
you enter a room with two beds three
dogs are lying on each one
sounds like my house under one of the
beds there are four cats how many legs
are there inside 50
don't forget your own legs and the legs
of the two beds 14 for women can bake
four pies in four hours how many pies
can eight women bake in eight hours
[Music]
sixteen pies fifteen what's made of
water
what disappears have you put it in the
water an ice cube
sixteen among several fruit trees in the
garden there was a pear tree with fruits
but after a strong wind blow
there weren't pears on the tree or on
the ground under it what happened there
were only two pears on the tree after
the wind blew one pair fell to the
ground so there weren't pears in the
tree are on the ground because there was
only one pair on the tree and one pear
on the ground
apparently 17 how can you write number
45 only using number 4 44 plus 44
divided by 44 18 5 costs $25 and $25 if
you buy 255 you'll pay $75 what is it
and how much does one item cost
they're door numbers and one number
costs $25 each whoo that's expensive 19
it runs forever but never moves from one
place it doesn't have lungs or a throat
but can roar what is it
a waterfall 20 if you take off my skin I
won't cry but you will what am I an
onion 21 there are two people standing
near the river a boat can carry only one
of them and still they manage to get to
the other bank how come these people
were on different banks number 22
I'm your mother's brother's only
brother-in-law Who am I to you your
father
number 23 a hat and scarf cost $110 the
Hat is $100 more expensive than the
scarf how much does the scarf cost five
dollars it means that the Hat is $105
which is exactly 100 dollars more than
the scarf are you doing good okay let's
move on
number 24 during which month do people
sleep the least during February it has
only 28 maximum 29 days 25 there are
three cups of sugar on the table you
take one away how many cups of sugar do
you have one the other two are still on
the table 26 someone came into a dark
room bumped into something some glass
broke and something passed away what
happened
a careless person smashed an aquarium
with a goldfish hurry grab a glass of
water
Oh number 27
how can you take two from five and leave
four first you write f IV e then you
take away F and E what's left is IV
which is for if you use Roman numerals
[Music]
28 what a bizarre storms the thunder
comes before the lightning the lightning
comes before the clouds and the rain
burns everything it touches what is it
[Music]
it's a volcanic eruption
number 29 if you multiply all the
numbers on the telephone what will you
get zero because when you multiply any
number by zero zero is all you get 30
imagine you're in a dark room filled
with water the door is locked and the
wider level keeps rising how can you get
out
now just stop imagining yeah 31 can you
crack this rebus meta meta meta meta
it's a metaphor metaphor 32 ter one-off
and scratch its head what was read gets
black instead what is it
it's a matchstick
[Music]
33 a man is on the run from the police
after he stole three massive gold bars
weighing 30 pounds each at some point he
reaches a long fragile bridge that can
support only 260 pounds the man weighs
200 pounds
how can he transport all three gold bars
[Music]
he has to walk across the bridge while
juggling the bars it means that at any
time only two bars will be on the bridge
since the third one will always be
airborne 34 which english verb changes
its tense to the past by simply
rearranging its letters eat its past
form is 835 what can you catch but not
throw
[Music]
I called 36 two baby girls were born on
the same day at the same time in the
same month and year two the same mother
and still they aren't twins how come
there are two babies of a set of
triplets 37 it took two people four
hours to build a house how long will it
take for people to build the same house
[Music]
no time the house is already built at 38
it can be hot it can be cold it can rush
and it can stay still it can be hard and
it can slip through anything what is it
it's water
39 what has a neck but no head at all a
[Music]
bottle 40 abou who is just learning to
drive went down a one-way street but in
the wrong direction still he didn't
break the law how is it possible
well he was walking 41 a spider got $28
and aunt $21 and a chicken was given $7
how much money will the dog get fourteen
dollars three dollars and fifty cents
per leg 42 Adam likes grapes but not
potatoes
he likes peas but not onions and eat
squash but not lettuce can you figure
out the pattern and say whether Adam
will eat apples or a pumpkin
Adam likes everything that grows on
vines he'll pick a pumpkin 43 it's a
house with too often one rarely three
occupants you break the walls eat the
occupants and throw the house away what
is it
it's peanuts
44 five boys were eating oranges a
finished eating before B but after C D
finished before e but after B what's the
order the boys finished eating the
apples CA B de 45 one clothing store
owner invented a curious method of
pricing his Goods socks cost $25 a vest
$20 a tie $15 and a t-shirt had a price
of $30 following this method how much
would a pair of underwear cost $45 the
shop owner charge $5 for each letter of
the items name 46 a Finch a gull an
ostrich an eagle and a sparrow which
bird doesn't belong to this group the
ostrich it can't fly
47 what is neither outside the house nor
inside but no home can be without it a
[Music]
window 48 a man was in a four-story
building when a fire started he jumped
out the window but didn't even bruise
himself how is it possible the man
jumped out of the first-floor window 49
everyone has me but no one can lose me
what am i a shadow and number 50 there
are several books on a bookshelf one
book is the fourth from the left and the
sixth from the right how many books are
there on the shelf there are nine books
so there hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
Cheer with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life